Update guaranteed-scheduling-critical-addon-pods.md (#17151)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/guaranteed-scheduling-critical-addon-pods.md

### Marking pod as critical

> Have the priorityClassName set as "system-cluster-critical" or "system-node-critical", the latter being the highest for entire cluster, the two priority class names available since v1.10+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To mark a Pod as critical, set  priorityClassName for that Pod to `system-cluster-critical` or `system-node-critical`. `system-node-critical` is the highest available priority, even higher than `system-cluster-critical`.
```

Reviewer: @rdxmb what do you think?

Author: sounds good. 

What do you think of adding the description value of the priority class to the docs here? (see https://github.com/coreos/flannel/pull/1210#discussion_r337830849)

This could be:

To mark a Pod as critical, set priorityClassName for that Pod to `system-cluster-critical` or `system-node-critical`. 
`system-node-critical` is the highest available priority, used for system critical pods that must not be moved from their current node.
`system-cluster-critical` ist used for system critical pods that must run in the cluster, but can be moved to another node if necessary.

However, I do not understand what priority class has to do with the decision, which pod will run on which node. For this description, the `nodeAffinity` IMHO is the better option.

What do you think? @sftim

Author: ping

Reviewer: > However, I do not understand what priority class has to do with the decision, which pod will run on which node. For this description, the nodeAffinity IMHO is the better option.

The scheduler will look at the priority class of Pods when making scheduling decisions, right? That's so that high priority Pods get scheduled even in cases where there isn't enough resource to schedule all Pods.
